---
layout: pubs
title:  "ANT-ACE: An FHE Compiler Framework for Automating Neural Network Inference"
brief:  "ACE: Compiler Framework - CGO 2025"
date:   2025-03-01
author: Long Li
---

### Abstract

Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE) facilitates computations on encrypted data without requiring access to the decryption key, offering substantial privacy benefits for deploying neural network applications in sensitive sectors such as healthcare and finance. Nonetheless, programming these applications within the FHE framework is complex and demands extensive cryptographic expertise to guarantee correctness, performance, and security.

In this paper, we present ANT-ACE, a production-quality, open-source FHE compiler designed to automate neural network inference on encrypted data. ANT-ACE accepts ONNX models and generates C/C++ programs, leveraging its custom open-source FHE library. We explore the design challenges encountered in the development of ANT-ACE, which is engineered to support a variety of input formats and architectures across diverse FHE schemes through a novel Intermediate Representation (IR) that facilitates multiple levels of abstraction. Comprising 44,000 lines of C/C++ code, ANT-ACE efficiently translates ONNX models into C/C++ programs for encrypted inference on CPUs, specifically utilizing the RNS-CKKS scheme. Preliminary evaluations on a single CPU indicate that ANT-ACE achieves significant speed enhancements in ResNet models, surpassing expert manual implementations and fulfilling our design goals.

### MLA Format

Liu, Yan, et al. "ReSBM: Region-based Scale and Minimal-Level Bootstrapping Management for FHE via Min-Cut." Proceedings of the 30th ACM International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, Volume 1. 2025.

[[Paper Download]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/3696443.3708924)